so now tell you how to put
krutilki at highline it opens
the original were ordinary
without shining such Lansky us
such with sparkles immediately that they are not
fit
this climate is the width of these here and
snaps that we actually will now
do so remove our lap circle
this way the plaque so we need
do to put these chrome
krutilki
the distance here it is and in the distance
she here less on snaps about climate
confusion
we will need to sharpen the edges
so that they are already like cherries and
bottom latch is a hit uid spirit she is with us
became mine
our
here are the differences original oh online a and
open on the spinner
will drive the same principle does not put
slightly different mount so round
many put the replacement of the original
chrome dutch to become a circle and to whom
as you like but I think that all the same
What is better than to round answers
unambiguous
and looks more beautiful and generally super but
Highland of course I also like it very much
who try to put them high
lina
it seems the latch itself
fits perfect
all choice so now i sharpened
then the man side
approximately to stiffeners to approximately
I asked these stiffeners
Well, then you need less when writing off
which is wider but it is less possible
we need to grind but these
which is thinner and should be about
ribs
grind to snap you like
It became honest of course how it rotates with
a little jam on the Russian became
warp it is perfect they don't fit all
Equally teaches she will break somewhere
of course I didn’t know
It turned out to be skewed which is utilitarian
became the ideal
it is also slightly skewed and is